Feature/dx 1000 description non payment token external non payment token (#451)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/card/direct.md

| └➔&nbsp;`panToken`                | `string`  | The token representing the specific PAN of the card.                                                                                                                                                         |
| └➔&nbsp;`panEnrolled`             | `string`  |                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| └➔&nbsp;`acquirerTransactionTime` | `string`  | `3DSECURE` or `SSL`. Indicates the transaction type of the acquirer.                                                                                                                                         |

> | └➔&nbsp;`nonPaymentToken`         | `string`  | Result of our own tokenization of the card used. Activated in POS on merchant or merchant group.                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| └➔&nbsp;`nonPaymentToken`         | `string`  | Swedbank Pay's tokenization of the card used; identifies the card, but can not be used for payment transactions. Needs to be activated by Swedbank Pay before use.                                                                                                                                         |
```
